Welcome to RestoreAssist.
In this tutorial, I'll walk you through creating your account.
Step 1: Enter your name, email address, and create a secure password with at least 8 characters.
Step 2: Add your business name and ABN.
We verify your ABN automatically against the Australian Business Register.
Step 3: Check your email inbox for a 6-digit verification code.
Enter it within 10 minutes to activate your account.
Step 4: The Setup Wizard guides you through 5 steps — profile, AI hydration, integrations, health check, and activation.
Step 5: Tap Activate.
All 12 health checks pass, and your workspace is now live.
Welcome to RestoreAssist.